On this project the final beneficiary requested an on-line solution to collect and store data regarding life stories. 
I proposed as a solution a website whose front-end is represented by a HTML CSS and Javascript documents. 
The HTML respect Bootstrap framework taking into the consideration the need for fast and reliable soultions for mobile devices. The HTML code ,visible to users, contain a form ready to be filled in with the necessary data.
The CSS is broken in 2 documents: a CSS document which styling the bootstrap framework  and another CSS document which styling the html code created according to the users' needs.
The Javascript code  was inserted into the project  as a first solution of security, more exactly to block   bad-intentioned users who send spam emails (a captcha solution). As it can be  seen the submit button is disabled since the user insert the corect answer. In case of the refreshment of the page the secure question will be another. This first security procedure is based on random function.
The processing of the data is realised through a PHP code. The PHP code is that one who give the connectivity with the data base (represented by a table built on MySql data base). To prevent mysql injections , I retained the latest recomandations from senior web developers and use prepared statements to populate the data base. Also to transform  the multiple selection into a string I used implode function. In final if the procedure was a succesful one a javascript alert is set up to appear.
The data were stored in a MySql database whose primary key was initially represented by email-adress. The Mysql data base contains a table whose columns correspond to the field of the form existing on the website. 
